well howdy there Internet Babel its Bo
again so tonight we're going to talk
about the Republicans trying to save the
world for real there's a bunch of well
there's not a bunch of them but there's
enough of them and there's one in
particular that might actually be able
to do it who is this man who is this
superhero he's a former Republican
congressman turned conservative radio
talk show host blue lives matter climate
change denying
pro-ice criticized Obama for bankrupting
the country kind of guy
not my first pick for anything except
for this except for this you know what
he said about the president he said the
president was dishonest cruel ignorant
disloyal cowardly unpatriotic he said he
was a danger he said he's a fraud
he said he's tweeting us into a
recession he said that about Donald
Trump not about Obama he his name is Joe
Walsh and he is what he is but he wants
to primary the president he wants to
primary Donald Trump and I think he
might be able to do it and mr. Walsh
don't talk about it be about it if
you're serious do it if you wait much
longer to it to announce and really get
into this understand people are just
going to assume you're trying to build
your brand and create buzz and you will
become a joke if you're gonna do it do
it and do it now and honestly I think
your Republican Party's only hope and I
don't mean that just in the sense of
primary Donald Trump I mean that in the
sense of being able to maintain a party
the Republican Party is going to die and
you are probably the only person who can
save it there I say you are the chosen
one sir the reason as Millennials are
coming up and in greater numbers and
their kids
oh they're raised by them they are
raised by them and they're gonna have
those same values the platform the
Republican Party has is ancient let's
call the people who believe it every
four years more of them are dead more of
them are dead the margins by which the
Republican Party is defeated will grow
and grow and grow the reason you mr.
Walsh might be able to change this is
because number one you're socially
liberal so you can catch some of those
moderates number two you speak clearly
radio talk show host you're articulate
you're not a bumbling number three
you're not a fascist and that's a pretty
important one right now number four you
have a method of getting your message
out without the help of the GOP none of
the other people who have talked about
primary and the president have that
ability you have a platform if you're
gonna do it do it save the country and
save your party because if you don't
it's gonna become the Whig party the
Federalist Party the Reform Party
parties have died in the past and they
will die in the future right now yours
is on life support if you want to
maintain it your only option is to
primary the president because a lot of
Republicans have seen what he is now
and they're probably not going to vote
for a Democrat but they might not vote
at all I might just stay home rather
than lend their support to him
so mr. Walsh I would not vote for you I
don't particularly like you have to be
honest but as far as getting that man
out of office we're on the same page and
you might be able to get them off the
ticket that alone would secure your
place in history from that point forward
maybe you can save your party anyway
it's just a thought y'all have a good
night